correct name of shared libraries and their location (#722)
ros2/demos: composition/README.md

This runs `dlopen_composition` which is an alternative to run-time composition by creating a generic container process and explicitly passing the libraries to load without using ROS interfaces.

if you have build the composition package separately then you can find its location by running
```bash
ros2 pkg prefix composition
```

> and then you can find the path of the required shared libraries to run the process.

Reviewer: i think that we can keep this common operation for any platform.

Author: yes, this command will run on any system, I will only separate the section for running `dlopen_composition` since due to different library naming and path conventions of Linux and Windows

The process will open each library and create one instance of each “rclcpp::Node” class in the library.
```bash
ros2 run composition dlopen_composition <path_to_talker_component_shared_library> <path_to_listener_component_shared_library>
```
or
```bash
ros2 run composition dlopen_composition `ros2 pkg prefix composition`\lib\talker_component.dll `ros2 pkg prefix composition`\lib\listener_component.dll
```

if you have composition package pre-installed with ROS then you will find the libraries in `<path_to_your_ros2_installation>\bin`.

for example the command will work if you have installed ROS in `C:\pixi_ws\ros2_windows\`
```bash
ros2 run composition dlopen_composition C:\pixi_ws\ros2_windows\bin\talker_component.dll C:\pixi_ws\ros2_windows\bin\listener_component.dll
```
or
```bash
cd C:\pixi_ws\ros2_windows\bin

> ros2 run composition dlopen_composition talker_component.dll listener_component.dll

Reviewer: Can we introduce that platform section at least? for example, `Linux` and `Windows`? removed line just works for linux platform, i think we need to keep it for linux users. what do you think?

Author: ya that will be fine, a small change, I will add different section for Linux and Windows with their commands to execute

This runs `dlopen_composition` which is an alternative to run-time composition by creating a generic container process and explicitly passing the libraries to load without using ROS interfaces.

> first we will get the libraries. run the command

Reviewer: new line before and after the code block.

```suggestion
First run the command to find the libraries.

```

Author: I have made all the other changes. for this line I was thinking to write
`First run the command to find the libraries prefix path.`
because this command doesn't return the actual path of the libraries.
what you think?

Reviewer: sgtm!

```bash
ros2 pkg prefix composition
```

> and then you can find the prefix path of the required shared libraries to run the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Then you can find the prefix path of the required shared libraries to load.
```

The process will open each library and create one instance of each “rclcpp::Node” class in the library.

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```bash
```

ros2 run composition dlopen_composition <path_to_talker_component_shared_library> <path_to_listener_component_shared_library>
```

> ### Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Linux
```

> the libraries will be present in `<prefix_path>/lib/` as `lib*.so` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The libraries will be present in `<prefix_path>/lib/` as `lib*.so` files.
```

> run

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run the following command to load the libraries.
```

```bash
ros2 run composition dlopen_composition `ros2 pkg prefix composition`/lib/libtalker_component.so `ros2 pkg prefix composition`/lib/liblistener_component.so
```

> Linux command line subsitution will take care of the `ros2 pkg prefix composition` part. if you have the composition package, this line will work

Reviewer: maybe delete this line?

```suggestion

```

> ### Windows
> on windows we will need the `*.dll` files. since command subsitution will not work on windows you have to give the absolute path of the libraries.
> 
> our libraries will be in `<path_to_your_ros2_installation>\bin\`, so we have to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Windows

On Windows, we will need the `*.dll` files.
Since command substitution will not work on Windows, you have to give the absolute path of the libraries.

The libraries will be in `<path_to_your_ros2_installation>\bin\`, so we have to run.
```

```bash
ros2 run composition dlopen_composition <prefix_path>\bin\talker_component.dll <prefix_path>\bin\listener_component.dll
```

> to get the `prefix_path` run

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To get the `prefix_path` run

```

```bash
ros2 pkg prefix composition
```

> for example if our `prefix_path` comes out to be `C:\pixi_ws\ros2-windows\` we will run

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example if our `prefix_path` comes out to be `C:\pixi_ws\ros2-windows\` we will run

```
